So for these they're very similar
to what we just did together.
Some of the more interesting pieces
if you go through the DOM is that,
instead of getting an issue
where the value is missing,
when you type in a not real email address.
You don't get that,
you get a type mismatch, right?
So you can kind of just validate like,
what kind of error that way if you don't,
because even theoretically, this
one relies even on the browser including
the same validation method, right?
Message across all the different browsers,
across time, right,
the checking the validity object, which is
standardized is probably a better choice.
But again, it all kind of depends as well.
And the password is, again pretty
similar where we'll type in an email,
and then we'll submit the form.
The one thing that I want to point out is,
there's the occasion
we might need to type things that
aren't actual letters, right?
And so Cypress has a syntax for that.
So in this case,
this is totally valid email address,
valid@gmail.com, and
then hit the enter key,
which the normal behavior of a form
at that point is to submit the form.
And so that will cause a submit
event as opposed to calling submit
on the form object itself, or
clicking the sign up button.
We can actually just hit enter.
So you might be wondering,
what are the other options?
And that's a great question.
I'm so glad that you asked it
simultaneously with your faces obviously.
It is in the kind of cyber stocks
backspace, delete all the other buttons
on your keyboard that don't have letters
or numbers or symbols attached to them.
So even like the move to end which
is like command arrow on Mac iOS.
Something else and
other operating systems to be clear,
the only reason I use a Mac is because
I don't know how to make an M dash or
I have the muscle memory around like
the Emacs key bindings that's really it.
Select all so on and so forth, and
then also the ability to have
any modifier characters as well.
So anything you need to do there,
you can also trigger those as well.
Enter is the one you'll
probably mostly use but again,
I'm mostly just putting this in
your brain, so that when you.
No we hit command K to open up
a palette to switch between things,
right you can begin to like
figure all of that out.
All right, so this was the app that we
had had the signup and sign in form.
And that's great.
At one point I was signed in and
we saw that there were some posts, right?
And if you don't, if you're not signed in,
then you would have to you get redirected.
So you have to both, before you can sign
in you got to make an account, right?
But once you make an account,
you can't make a duplicate account again,
because that account exists, right?
So what do you use keep making
junk accounts every single time.
The other option that I've seen a lot of
companies do, it's just like there is
a user pool and you kind of check in and
check out users, right, for each test.
And that means you can almost
never paralyze your tests, right?
Because we've evolved that user
being in the right condition.
And if a test ever fails and doesn't
clean up, then you end up in a situation
where you have to manually go in there or
else all the bills break.
The other thing that you notice is
we've used a lot of before each and
you'll see that we've never
really used anything else.
Because like, even the cleanup
stage should happen before, right.
Because if a test fails or stops for
some reason that after will never the
runner goes down or something like that.
Cleaning up before makes a lot of sense
because you're kind of coming into
the test with a clean slate.
But I digress, what we really need is
a way to create users and sign in.
Now, the naïve, not correct,
bad implementation that
we'll start with is this.
I will get some way to make
a random email address.
Right, this guy's I'm gonna use Date.now
we can just like use a uu ID or
what have you, I will go and literally go
through the process of signing them up.
Then I will go through
the process of signing them in.
And then maybe I can see
the page that I wanted to see.
Now this we're not doing this, right, but
this is like until we
learn a few new tricks.
What we're going to need to do, right?
The few problems is I'm using
hack to generate unique users,
not cleaning up anything
that I'm generating.
Mostly because like you can't
delete users from the browser.
When you're not logged in, and
that's a feature not a bug.
And, I'm manually creating
by dragging the UI.
And even the act of doing that is very,
very tedious.
Now, I could put that before each, but
even those before each is limited
to a subset describe block,
which is limited to a file, which means
you'd have to have one giant test file.
Or do some really wild stuff with your
requires in ways that will probably hurt
your feelings, right.
And so there are better ways
to do all these things so
we're going to kind of
need to tease this apart.
Now what the better way
does matter somewhat
around your constraints, right.
For instance if you are maybe it's a,
an older Ruby on Rails application and
its server generated pages,
you're just using Cypress.
Cypress doesn't necessarily know that
you're using some fancy schmancy react
application.
It could be used for anything, right?
You might need to like seed your database
and reset like a test database or
local database development or
something along those lines, right?
That's one option.
Another option is to just
mock out the world, right?
That works but
is it really an end to end test?
And you might be like, I don't care,
right, like so it comes down to like,
what set of trade offs
are you willing to make?
And what thing are you trying to test,
you might have some way you do set
the database and as a true end-end test,
you might have somewhere to like, listen,
I just need to make sure
this filtering works.
I need to get them onto that page, I
don't care what I have to do to get them.
No, that's not what I'm trying
to test at this point, right.
So depending on what you want to do,
which strategy of the next few strategies
we look at is going to depend, right?
So we will kind of figure that out.
Now let's go back to that kind of like
half tongue in cheek comment that I made.
That is a feature not a bug,
that a unauthenticated user cannot delete
existing users in our application.
It's true and so what would we do,
if we did need to like reset a database or
see the database,
this whole idea of like, hey, Cypress,
it just hits things in the browser.
Could become somewhat limiting.
Now I've been in this
industry long enough.
I know what the natural first move is,
which is,
not I will just run some bash
scripts before we run the tests.
We'll just shell out every time, right?
Yeah, I've been, I've lived that
life that's probably not necessarily
the way forward because we wanna be able
to do it programmatically in our tests.
We want to be able to do
it in a describe block.
We want to be able to do all these things.
But the idea that we might have to do
stuff outside the browser is a reasonable
thing that we might need to do.